[DOCS] Improve ES|QL functions reference for functions E-Z (#104623)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/esql/functions/replace.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[esql-replace]]
=== `REPLACE`

*Syntax*

[.text-center]
image::esql/functions/signature/replace.svg[Embedded,opts=inline]

*Parameters*

`str`::
String expression.

`regex`::
Regular expression.

`newStr`::
Replacement string.

*Description*

> The function substitutes in the string (1st argument) any match of the regular
> expression (2nd argument) with the replacement string (3rd argument).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function substitutes in the string `str` any match of the regular
expression `regex` with the replacement `newStr`.
```
